chore(readme): Add version compatibility TODO and template (#9)
noir-lang/noir-library-starter: README.md

Add a brief description of the library

## Noir version compatibility

TODO: Update Noir version numbers tested compatible with

> This library is compatible with Noir versions >=1.0.0-beta.0 and <=1.0.0-beta.999.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This library is tested to work as of Noir version 1.0.0-beta.x.
```

We can't guarantee forwards compatibility  so all we can do is specify a lowest supported version.
